what's going on guys its arsenal in
first off I want to thank everybody
thank my subscribers are my past 10,000
subs and that's that's a big number to
me but in the big picture it's really
not a big number i'm not going to do
some sort of big celebration I feel like
even making whole videos where I talk
about it is kind of self-congratulatory
it's kind of like celebrating myself and
that's not what I want to do I want to
thank you guys are not the trolls in the
assholes in the comments I want to take
my core subscribers the ones who love
gaming and support my channel and watch
every video and comment on every video
you guys are awesome so thank you guys
because without you my channel wouldn't
even be here nobody would watch my
videos and nothing I say would really
even matter like I said you guys make my
channel go around so thank you that's
all I can really say about that so the
next thing I want to talk about is the
lizard squad the lizard squad is
launching a service where you can pay
money to dido services or websites now
it all makes sense now this playstation
network and xbox live hack makes
absolute sense what better way to
promote an upcoming product than to take
the two biggest services in gaming
offline and with the way some of these
kids are such try-hards in the console
war um they they they live and actually
breathe this shit they actually think
they work for Sony or Microsoft and with
kids like that um you can see I can see
at least a lot of people are using this
service to attack Sounion to attack
Microsoft i will leave a link in the
description you guys can go check it out
but lizard squad has a huge statement on
there's all kinds of payment options you
can subscribe to it you can have a
one-time fee ranges from thirty dollars
to five hundred dollars are depending on
time and how long you want the service
to be down so now instead of calling
them a bunch of stupid kids a bunch of
idiots that just want to make a name for
themselves and are doing it the wrong
way
they are a bunch of idiot kids who are
found a way to make some money and it's
going to be pretty interesting to see
how this plays out if this becomes a
real thing if there's a way for people
who use this service to not be
prosecuted Sony Microsoft are going to
have to respond they're going to have to
find a way um no matter how much it
costs or house Xbox Live and PlayStation
Network are going to be down all the
time because of this fanboy console war
bullshit there are like I said there are
really kids out there who I'm would
would fight you they would fight you um
in real life they would fight you IRL if
you said something bad about a console
and I have no doubt that some of these
rich little punk-ass kids will spend
some money to try to really hurt Sony or
Microsoft and what happens if this
becomes a thing what happens if this is
offered by other places so I think
ddosing and whatever you want to call it
denial of service attacks these are
going to become a regular thing guys and
I think the gaming company Sony and
Microsoft maybe even Nintendo and valve
and all these other places are going to
have to really sit down maybe even come
together and figure out a way to stop
this I've said my piece on the lizard
squad I think they're a bunch of little
morons who don't get enough attention
from their families don't get enough
attention from their parents um I've had
some people come in here and say no
these guys are in their 30s and 40s they
got real families and real jobs well if
that's the case then I feel really bad
for their families I feel really bad for
anyone who knows them or is is part of
their lives because these people are
fucking idiots and there's still
children i don't care if they're in
their 30s or 40s so links will be in the
description you guys can check out the
article where they talk a little bit
more about this service that the lizard
squad is offering um you guys can check
that out and once again thank you for
10,000 subscribers I don't want to make
a big deal out of it it's not a lot of
subscribers in the big picture it really
isn't I'm not a big youtuber yet and
hopefully someday I do get there but if
I don't I'm happy with
2 i'm happy to talk to real gamers about
gaming and that's what my channel is
about guys I'm not the fanboys even
though i know i have fanboys on both
sides subscribe to me uh the the the
greatest joy I get is talking about
games with real gamers a lot of you guys
suggest games to me a shadowrun
dragonfall I just picked that up on the
Steam sale because one of my subscribers
are suggested it to me and that is the
type of cool interaction i love about my
channel and like i said i couldn't do it
without you guys so thank you very much
guys I appreciate it and thanks for
watching